(upbeat music)
All right, there's still a little bit
of CSS that needs to be done here,
and we need to make the thing responsive.
There's like little stuff like this should be centered
and maybe spaced out a little bit more.
We'll get to all that in a video soon,
but I want to get this thing online for you
so you can actually show your mom, something like that.
We need to talk about deploying and building this thing.
Let's start with our backend, which is our sanity.
You're not going to just be running NPM start
in order to edit this thing.
You need the whole sanity CMS to be online somewhere.
And that's kind of like the cool thing about sanity
is that the sanity studio,
which we've been working with has been our backend,
and you can actually host that directly on sanity.
And that's how most people go and do it.
You can also host it yourself,
but in order to get it up and running
and just use sanity studio,
you simply just type "NPM," no, "sanity deploy."
And that will go ahead and do a whole bunch of stuff.
And it will say, what is your host name?
Oh, we'll call it Slick's Slices.
And you can't do that.
So don't email me, "Wes, Slick's Slices is taken."
I took it.
You put your own name on the end of there.
And oh, host name was already taken.
Maybe that was me when I was building this thing.
We'll put Wes on the end, or Wes Bos on the end.
There we go.
Building, clearing output folder.
All right, it didn't work.
Minifying JavaScript bundles. (imitates buzzing)
Didn't work.
No such file or directory as master Gatsby sanity status.
There's no static folder?
Let's take a look here.
Let's make a directory called static, mkdir static.
And you might already have that.
Maybe I'll add that to the starter files if that fixes it.
Let's try it again, sanity deploy.
Looks like that fixed it.
So I'll add that to the starter files.
You've probably already have that,
but if you get that error,
that's cause you need to create a static folder.
Looks like I've got
Slick's Slices Wes Bos at sanity.studio.
I can open that sucker on up,
and I'll probably ask me to log in.
And if I'm not already logged in to sanity.studio.
Here we are. It looks like I already am.
And look, this is everything that we've built.
You can see all of our data is now showing up
inside of here, but we don't have to run that locally.
So that is how to get sanity up and running.
Pretty cool.
If you actually just take a look here, open it up,
go to your sanity, go to your dist folder.
This is actually the sanity studio right here.
So if you want it to host the sucker yourself,
you can just do that.
I think if I just double click it,
look, you can just run it locally.
I'm not sure if it will run locally,
but you can host this anywhere you want.
Just make sure that you add that domain name
to your allowed API routes,
and then you could do that for a client.
But I recommend just putting it on sanity.studio
because they know how to host this stuff.
All right, that's the first one.
In the the next one,
we'll talk about building and deploying our Gatsby website.